# Image-and-photo-tools

## Github
### Image 
https://github.com/topics/image - 9,215 public repositories               

https://github.com/topics/image?l=python - 1,675 public repositories      
**https://github.com/python-pillow/Pillow  https://github.com/chrissimpkins/Crunch         **

https://github.com/topics/image?l=jupyter+notebook -  13 public repositories                 

https://github.com/topics/image-processing -  16,975 public repositories                      

https://github.com/topics/image-processing?l=python -  5,818 public repositories                     
![#ff0000](https://placehold.co/15x15/ff0000/ff0000.png) **https://github.com/danielgatis/rembg  https://github.com/alexjc/neural-doodle**

https://github.com/topics/image-processing?l=jupyter+notebook - 141 public repositories                       

https://github.com/topics/computer-vision -  24,967 public repositories                      
https://github.com/topics/computer-vision?l=python - 10,883 public repositories                   
https://github.com/topics/computer-vision?l=jupyter+notebook -  290 public repositories                         

https://github.com/topics/opencv - 21,611 public repositories                        
https://github.com/topics/opencv?l=python - 11,355 public repositories                        
https://github.com/topics/opencv?l=jupyter+notebook - 109 public repositories                        

https://github.com/topics/image-classification -  6,645 public repositories            
https://github.com/topics/image-classification?l=python - 2,321 public repositories                       
https://github.com/topics/image-classification?l=jupyter+notebook - 108 public repositories

https://github.com/topics/image-recognition - 2,236 public repositories           
https://github.com/topics/image-recognition?l=python - 874 public repositories                        
https://github.com/topics/image-recognition?l=jupyter+notebook - 19 public repositories                    

https://github.com/topics/image-segmentation - 1,904 public repositories              
https://github.com/topics/image-segmentation?l=python - 825 public repositories       
https://github.com/topics/image-segmentation?l=jupyter+notebook - 23 public repositories                

https://github.com/topics/image-processor - 17 public repositories      
https://github.com/topics/image-processor?l=python - 4 public repositories 
- - -
https://github.com/topics/object-detection -  7,997 public repositories        
https://github.com/topics/object-detection?l=python - 4,135 public repositories                 
https://github.com/topics/object-detection?l=jupyter+notebook-  74 public repositories

https://github.com/topics/yolo -  1,918 public repositories  **YOLO - Algorithm for Object Detection**         
https://github.com/topics/yolo?l=python -  968 public repositories     




### Photo             
https://github.com/topics/photo - 943 public repositories                    
https://github.com/topics/photo?l=python -  142 public repositories         
https://github.com/sukebenet/dreamtime            
https://github.com/sukebenet/dreampower                  

https://github.com/topics/colorization - 325 public repositories           
https://github.com/topics/colorization?l=python -  144 public repositories             
https://github.com/topics/colorization?l=jupyter+notebook - 1 public repository           



